INSTALL

Below are instructions on how to install ClinicCases on a typical webserver.  If you need help, please go to our forums at http://www.cliniccases.com/forums.

REQUIREMENTS:
1. Unix type webserver (e.g. Apache)
2. Mysql .
3. PHP version 4 or higher

STEPS

1. Upload the compressed source file to your webserver and unzip.
2. CHMOD 777 the directories 'people', 'docs' and 'images_tmp'
3. Using PhpMyAdmin (which comes with most installations of mysql), go to your database and select "Import."  Import the file CC.sql.  Your database should now be setup with 18 tables. [There are other ways to do this, but this should work best for most users].
4. Edit db.php to reflect your database settings.
5. In order for the autosave to work in fckeditor (the student journal entry dialog), you must also edit fckeditor/editor/fckeditor/saveadapter/config.php to reflect your database settings.
6. [optional] In order for cron jobs to work [a weekly email to report to professors and a journal rss feed], you must insert your server path into cron.txt and update your crontab.


GETTING STARTED

A default account should have been created with the user/pass admin/admin.  (PLEASE DELETE THIS ACCOUNT AFTER YOU HAVE CONFIGURED CLINICCASES.  IMPORTANT!).  Navigate to index.php in your browser and login using this account.  Get started by click the users tab and adding users.  The best thing to do is to add professors and adminstrators first.  Students can get accounts by navigating to ./newaccount/index.php and submitting their information there.  The adminstrator will then receive notification of this student signup and can authorize students using the New Users dialog on the At A Glance screen.

After this, add cases via the cases tab.  You must be logged in as an adminstrator to do this.  

Migrating existing cases from another case management system may take some expertise.  Either contact your IT department or go to the forums for assistance.  Three Pipe Problem, LLC (mitchell@threepipeproblem.com) is happy to this, along with customization and support) for a fee.

Please note that three of the tables in the database will have to be edited using a sql tool (e.g. phpmyadimin).  Eventually, ClinicCases will have a dialog to do this.  The tables are:

cm_case_types - this is the list of the types of cases your clinic handles (criminal, family, immigration, etc.).  This information will vary from clinic to clinic. 

cm_dispos - this is for the closing codes your clinic uses when a file is closed (e.g., Needs Met, Withdrew, Judgment granted, etc.). Again, these will vary from clinic to clinic.

cm_contacts_types - this categorizes contacts in a case according to their role.  A good starter list might be "Opposing Counsel, Client, Witness, Expert."
