INSTALL

Below are instructions on how to install ClinicCases on a typical webserver.  
If you need help, please go to our forums at http://www.cliniccases.com/forums.

REQUIREMENTS:
1. Linux webserver  (Note: ClinicCases has been run on Windows servers, although this is not officially supported).
2. Mysql
3. PHP version 4 or higher
4. Mail server (e.g, exim4, sendmail.  Most servers will already have this installed.).  Used for sending notifications to users.
5. GD libraries for php.
6. It is recommended that you run ClinicCases on a secure server (SSL, TSL).

STEPS - New Installation

1. Upload the compressed source file to your webserver and untar.

2. CHMOD 777 'images_tmp', 'people', 'docs'

3. Using PhpMyAdmin (which comes with most installations of mysql), go to your database 
and select "Import."  Import the file CC.sql.  Your database should now be setup with 
19 tables. [There are other ways to do this, but this should work best for most users].

4. Edit _CONFIG.php to reflect your database settings and other settings.

5. [optional] In order for cron jobs to work [a weekly email to report 
to professors and a journal rss feed], you must insert your server 
path into cron.txt and update your crontab.

6.  Delete the _INSTALL directory.

STEPS - Updgrade from ClinicCases 5 to ClinicCases 6

1. Unzip all files in ClinicCases6 package to your target directory, overwriting old files.
2. Run upgrade_to_cc6.php
3. Delete the _INSTALL directory

REGISTER 

PLEASE REGISTER your ClinicCases installation at https://cliniccases.com/registration/. This free registration will allow you to be informed of updates and security patches.  

DATA MIGRATION

Migrating existing cases from another case management system (TimeMatters, Amicus, Tabs III, etc) may take some expertise. Either contact your IT department or go to the forums for assistance.  Three Pipe Problem, LLC (judson@threepipeproblem.com) is happy to this, along with customization and support) for a fee.

GETTING STARTED

A default account should have been created with the user/pass admin/admin.  (PLEASE DELETE 
THIS ACCOUNT AFTER YOU HAVE CONFIGURED CLINICCASES.  IMPORTANT!).  Navigate to index.php 
in your browser and login using this account.  Get started by clicking the users tab and adding 
users.  The best thing to do is to add professors and adminstrators first.  Students can 
get accounts by navigating to ./newaccount/index.php and submitting their information there.  
The adminstrator will then receive notification of this student signup and can authorize 
students using the New Users dialog on the At A Glance screen.

You should then define your case types (criminal, family law, etc), dispositions (closed, judgment granted, referred, etc) and courts by navigating to the Prefs tab and clicking Edit Menus.

After this, add cases via the cases tab.  You must be logged in as an adminstrator to do this.  




