INSTALL

Below are instructions on how to install ClinicCases 7.
If you need help, please visit https://www.cliniccases.com/help.

When you have successfully completed your ClinicCases install, please
register your installation at https://cliniccases.com/registration/
By registering, you will be informed of important security updates and
receive early access to new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

REQUIREMENTS:
1. Server running Linux and Apache
2. MYSQL
3. PHP version 5.3.6 or higher,compiled with GD libraries
4. Mail server (e.g, exim4, sendmail.  Most servers will already
have this installed.).  Used for sending notifications to users.
6. Is it recommended that you run ClinicCases on a secure server (SSL, TSL).
7. Magic Quotes must be turned off in your php.ini or ClinicCases will not work.

STEPS - New Installation

1. 	Extract the ClinicCases package to your web root.

2. 	Create a directory outside of your web root called cc_docs (e.g., /var/cc_docs);
	If you do not have access to anything outside of your web root, you can put the
	directory in your web root (e.g., /var/www/cliniccases/cc_docs), but be warned
	that this is insecure.  Anybody with the specific file url can access your
	clinic's documents! In either case, make sure that this directory is writable
	(e.g. sudo chmod 777 cc_docs)

3. 	Go to http://YOURSERVER/cliniccases/_INSTALL/

4. 	Follow the instructions.

5. 	When the installation is complete, log in to your installation of ClinicCases
	using the username 'admin' and the password 'admin'.  You will be prompted to
	change the password on this temporary account. Next, go to the users tab and add
	a new user account for yourself.  Make sure that you put yourself in the Administrator
	group, that you make the account 'active', and that you provide your valid email
	address.  Next, check your email. You should receive an email from your server
	which contains a temporary password. (Check spam folder as well!).

Log out of ClinicCases and then log in again using your new user name and the password provided.
You can then change this password by click on the Preferences link in the upper right
hand corner.

GETTING STARTED

You (or a clinic administrator) should then define your case types
(criminal, family law, etc), dispositions (closed, judgment granted,
referred, etc) and courts by navigating to the Utilities
tab and clicking Configuration.

You can then add new users in one of two ways:
	1. 	Go to the Users tab and click New User
	2. 	Have the people in your clinic go http://YOURSERVER/cliniccases/newaccount and
		request a new account.  Each new account will have to be approved by a user with
		administrative privileges before the account can be used.

After this, add cases via the Cases tab.  You must be logged in as an administrator to do this.

Migrating existing cases from another case management system may take some expertise.
Either contact your IT department or go to the forums for assistance.  Three Pipe Problem, LLC
(mitchell@threepipeproblem.com) is happy to this, along with customization and support) for a fee.

CUSTOMIZATION

Case fields and groups can be customized in ClinicCases 7.  For more information on how to do
this, please visit https://www.cliniccases.com/help.

If you have any questions, feel free to contact the developer, Judson Mitchell,
at jmitchel@loyno.edu


